Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we're going to set up Firebase, so we're going to need to click on this build, and
I'm going to click on authentication.
Okay?
Then we will navigate to this sign in method.
Okay.
So I majored.
First of all, I think we have to click on Get Started.
Okay.
And users are going to be able to assign all points, email and password.
So we have to enable this.
So click on Enable and click on Save as well.
Click on Build.
And I'm going to open this Firebase First or database and a new tab.
And as well the storage in the new tab.
Okay.
We just have to wait for this.
Still loaded.
OC oc oc.
I think it's darn.
You just have to try this.
And over here.
We need to click on Get Started as well.
And that we have the stats in production mode and stats in text mode.
So I'm going to go for the stats and test mode.
And since we can change it later, I can click on Nest.
And I'm just going to go with the difference, Don.
Okay.
Now we can.
As we all click on Create Database.
Remember I said we are going to be saving all our details in the cloud faster.
And that was one of the reasons why we installed the cloud faster package.
So now we are going to need to click on create database and start in test mode.
Okay.
We can just go with enable.
That is the default key.
Check this.
Okay.
So with this storage, we're going to be able to upload images.
That is the product images, the user's profile images.
But in order to do that, we're going to need to navigate to these rules.
Okay.
All right, look, let's go to this city created.
I think I have some network issues starting to explode.
I think it's done.
Pakistan already.
Okay.
Now for the storage, you can see over here it says hello, read and write.
So what we can do from this part.
We can get rid of this.
And get rid of this and then have the train come back.
So for that, what this means is we want to be able to read and write data unlike before, like the
default one, which we won't be able to read and write data.
So this was the default.
With this, we won't be able to read and write data.
So what we have to do is to get rid of this because we want to be able to upload data and also retrieve
data.
So allow, read and write.
So via we can add a semicolon and click on publish.
So now we're going to be able to upload images and as well being able to retrieve images.
So now over here, this is the cloud file store.
We are going to be saving all our data over this cloud faster, such as the images as well.
That is the image here and the address of the user.
The full name.
Address of the full name of the user, the phone number of the user, the address of the user and so
on.
And in order to do that, we also need to be able to post and retrieve data.
So we need to go to this rules.
Okay, Rose as well.
We need to get rid of this in order for each to allow us be able to post and retrieve data.
So now we can read our rights.
So get rid of this and have a semicolon.
Click on publish.
Okay.
This is basically AIDS.
So now we can store our data in the cloud faster.
We can store our images, the profile images, the product images in our storage.
And over here, we had also enabled.
Users to be able to sign up with email and password.
So the next lecture we are going to start building the functionality in order to sign up users.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.